#493: Create User Guide and make README smaller (#503)
exasol/project-keeper: doc/changes/changes_2.9.17.md

## Documentation

* #501: Documented usage for non-Maven projects

> * #493: Created user guide and cleanup Readme.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #493: Created user guide and moved sections from `README.md` to user guide
```
